Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants Clubs &amp; Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &amp; more. Big Economic Bounceback!
This week in only 4 days we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &amp; more. Big Economic Bounceback!
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers Cattlemen Ranchers and Producers!
I have directed @SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable strong and safe....
The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” (Monday Night Football Bachelor Finale according to @nytimes) &amp; is only way for me to escape the Fake News &amp; get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
.@OANN  A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens military and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting which is “RIPE for FRAUD” and shouldn’t be allowed!
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!